How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It showed me the different lines of codes that i have changed.
    This helps me find the bug that was indtoduced.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    This helps me find bugs more quickly if introduced, and helps me track
    The changes i made so far. 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    The pros is that i don't get to much commits in the history and i don't get
    a not meaningful commit.
    The cons is that i may forget to save the work i've done or i may do a 
    Big commit after writing a lot of code which isn't very efficient.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Bec. these version control systems is code-oriented and code makes sense
    And is compilable together.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    'git log': First we need to go to the repository directorey, then we open
    A command prompt there, then we type 'git log'.
    'git diff': First we need to go to the repository directorey, then we open
    A command prompt there, then we type 'git log' to get the commit ids to
    Find the differences between them, and type 'git diff id1 id2'.
    Note: To get colored diff output, run 'git config --global color.ui auto'

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    git makes me now more confident as i can make a lot of changes to my code
    and even break it up, and with a single command 'checkout', i can revert
    back to my working code instantly. 

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    I'm going to use it in every major project i start working on later.